docs: document more breaking changes (#11636)
sveltejs/svelte: sites/svelte-5-preview/src/routes/docs/content/03-appendix/02-breaking-changes.md

Setting the `accessors` option to `true` makes properties of a component directly accessible on the component instance. In runes mode, properties are never accessible on the component instance. You can use component exports instead if you need to expose them.

### `immutable` option is ignored

Setting the `immutable` option has no effect in runes mode. This concept is replaced by how `$state` and its variations work.

### Classes are no longer "auto-reactive"

In Svelte 4, doing the following triggered reactivity:

```svelte
<script>
	let foo = new Foo();
</script>

<button on:click={() => (foo.value = 1)}>{foo.value}</button
>
```

> The reason is that Svelte statically saw the reassignment and used is a hint to trigger a rerender. In runes mode, just wrapping the class with `$state` doesn't make it reactive. The reason is that reactivity is now runtime-based, and classes are left untouched. To make that code reactive, you instead need to make the `value` on `Foo` `$state`.

Reviewer: adding a bit more specificity

```suggestion
This is because the Svelte compiler treated the assignment to `foo.value` as an instruction to update anything that referenced `foo`. In Svelte 5, reactivity is determined at runtime rather than compile time, so you should define `value` as a reactive `$state` field on the `Foo` class. Wrapping `new Foo()` with `$state(...)` will have no effect — only vanilla objects and arrays are made deeply reactive.
```

### `walk` not longer exported

`svelte/compiler` reexported `walk` from `estree-walker` for convenience. This is no longer true in Svelte 5, import it directly from that package instead in case you need it.

### Content inside `svelte:options` is forbidden

In Svelte 4 you could have content inside a `<svelte:options />` tag. It was ignored, but you could write something in there. In Svelte 5, content inside that tag is a compiler error.

> ### Slots inside templates are preserved

Reviewer 2: Maybe `Slots inside <template> are preserved` for more clarity?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `<slot>` elements in declarative shadow roots are preserved
```
